# PARTING HAND

My Chris-tian friends, in bonds of love,
Whose hearts in sweet-est un-ion join,
Your friend-ship’s like a draw-ing band,
Yet we must take the part-ing hand.
Your com-p’ny’s sweet, your un-ion dear,
Your words de-light-ful to my ear;
Yet when I see that we must part,
You draw like cords a-round my heart.

How sweet the hours have passed a-way
Since we have met to sing and pray;
How loath we are to leave the place
Where Je-sus shows His smil-ing face.
O could I stay with friends so kind,
How would it cheer my droop-ing mind!
But du-ty makes me un-der-stand
That we must take the part-ing hand.

And since it is God’s ho-ly will,
We must be part-ed for a while,
In sweet sub-mis-sion, all as one,
We’ll say, Our Fa-ther’s will be done.
My youth-ful friends, in Chris-tian ties,
Who seek for man-sions in the skies,
Fight on, we’ll gain that hap-py shore,
Where part-ing will be known no more.

How oft I’ve seen your flow-ing tears,
And heard you tell your hopes and fears!
Your hearts with love were seen to flame,
Which makes me hope we’ll meet a-gain.
Ye mourn-ing souls, lift up your eyes
To glo-rious man-sions in the skies;
O trust His grace—in Ca-naan’s land
We’ll no more take the part-ing hand.

And now my friends, both old and young,
I hope in Christ you’ll still go on;
And if on earth we meet no more,
O may we meet on Ca-naan’s shore.
I hope you’ll all re-mem-ber me
If you on earth no more I see;
An in-terest in your prayers I crave,
That we may meet be-yond the grave.

O glo-rious day! O bless-ed hope!
My soul leaps for-ward at the thought
When, on that hap-py, hap-py land,
We’ll no more take the part-ing hand.
But with our bless-ed ho-ly Lord
We’ll shout and sing with one ac-cord,
And there we’ll all with Je-sus dwell,
So, lov-ing Chris-tians, fare you well.

------

My Christian friends, in bonds of love,
Whose hearts in sweetest union join,
Your friendship’s like a drawing band,
Yet we must take the parting hand.
Your comp’ny’s sweet, your union dear,
Your words delightful to my ear;
Yet when I see that we must part,
You draw like cords around my heart.

How sweet the hours have passed away
Since we have met to sing and pray;
How loath we are to leave the place
Where Jesus shows His smiling face.
O could I stay with friends so kind,
How would it cheer my drooping mind!
But duty makes me understand
That we must take the parting hand.

And since it is God’s holy will,
We must be parted for a while,
In sweet submission, all as one,
We’ll say, Our Father’s will be done.
My youthful friends, in Christian ties,
Who seek for mansions in the skies,
Fight on, we’ll gain that happy shore,
Where parting will be known no more.

How oft I’ve seen your flowing tears,
And heard you tell your hopes and fears!
Your hearts with love were seen to flame,
Which makes me hope we’ll meet again.
Ye mourning souls, lift up your eyes
To glorious mansions in the skies;
O trust His grace—in Canaan’s land
We’ll no more take the parting hand.

And now my friends, both old and young,
I hope in Christ you’ll still go on;
And if on earth we meet no more,
O may we meet on Canaan’s shore.
I hope you’ll all remember me
If you on earth no more I see;
An interest in your prayers I crave,
That we may meet beyond the grave.

O glorious day! O blessed hope!
My soul leaps forward at the thought
When, on that happy, happy land,
We’ll no more take the parting hand.
But with our blessed holy Lord
We’ll shout and sing with one accord,
And there we’ll all with Jesus dwell,
So, loving Christians, fare you well.
